Japanese television, people everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
I'm good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Gigaohm Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
It's the fourth of December, 4th of December, 2023, and I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, from the back of my garage.
I used to be a patch clamp physiologist back in the day.
I started in Chicago, moved to the EU, came back in 2016, all the while doing the same thing.
The name Gigaohm Biological is derived from that thing.
Gigaohm Seal was necessary to make the recordings that I made, and this is the Giga Home Biological High-Resistance Low Noise Information brief brought to you by that biologist.
We are trying to alert everyone who isn't already aware that it is possible that the pandemic was actually a plannedemic, and that actually the plan was much more well-conceived than any of us had previously imagined.
It wasn't simply a cover-up, but it was actually a elaborate theatre about a cover-up that would make us feel like the teenagers on Scooby-Doo.
Sorry, that way.
And that making us feel like these teenagers on Scooby-Doo is really akin to how they solve the mysteries on that show, which is pulling the mask off of the bad guys and revealing who the character in the story that was causing all the trouble really is.
And unwittingly, we were sort of led by our noses to believe that we were watching the real-time solving of this mystery by Rand Paul, and Tony Fauci, and the news programs at EcoHealth Alliance, and oh my gosh, who's this Ralph Barrick guy, and wow, look at these papers from 2015.
Man, oh man, if you go back to 2008, it's even crazier.
And this whole process of solving the mystery essentially tricked most, or if not all, of the skilled TV watching public into believing that they had solved the mystery of the pandemic, and that the mystery solved is a story about a lab leak.
And so the reason why this is important to understand is because once you see it for what it is, and you realize that if a group of weaponized piles of money, I don't know really how to describe the interests that are at play behind the scenes here, causing our societies to behave in this way,
but I do know that it is very possible that this organized group of weaponized piles of money came up with the correct idea, which is that we don't necessarily need to have a bioweapon, we just need to have a very, very, very plausible story about one.
And maybe this plausible story was laid down for the last 15 years, maybe a few gain of function papers here and a gain of function paper there and a controversy about aerosolized flu here has not been stories about real pandemic potential, but regular and consistent nagging
about a pandemic potential that would leave us vulnerable to a theater of this magnitude, a theater of this fidelity, a theater of this much coordination.
And so for example, just to use my train example, if you have this guy who's miming that he's stopping the train and then he chalks up his hands and then he pushes the train to start it again, had we been prepared for the last 20 years with Hollywood movies,
and TV shows about emergencies where when in need, a large group of men and women working together can stop subways and make subways go again and keep subways on time,
then if the need ever came, we could even fool ourselves into believing that we were doing it by just having everybody say,
hey, come on, guys help, push as hard as you can.
You know, at some moment when you're in a tug of war with too many people, you can't even tell really what you're contributing because the rope is moving in a way that when you pull on it or you let go, it doesn't start moving right away, right?
If you're in a tug of war with 20 against 20, the contribution that you're making is a rather weird and at times is almost zero or you're even getting pulled the wrong way.
And yet somehow in this collective act of pushing and pulling the train, at some moment, how would you even know if you were really contributing to it?
And a lot of these people don't even know.
That's how you unwittingly get involved with this pandemic theater.
And so what I want to do is try to give us the tools with which we can start to open people's eyes without necessarily challenging them to first accept the hardest truth of all.
Which is almost all of the history that they know is likely, you know, fudged, unless they've been reading, you know, tragedy and hope and started there.
And so this is the faith we're trying to break. This is also, though, the faith that we want everybody to be able to see very clearly.
We want our friends and family and our neighbors to be able to see this faith for what it is and then to start to question, well, why do they call it a faith?
And the reason why we call it a faith is because it has this doctrine.
It has this thing that you can't question.
And that is that there is a pandemic potential that is equivalent or superior to nuclear weapons.
We've heard a number of people, a number of key people drop that very equivalence.
Like across the board, on all teams, on all sides, from all different angles, from Kim.com to Richard E. Bright to Kevin S. Felt to Jeffrey Sachs.
They all have said the same thing.
That the worst case scenario, even if this wasn't it, in fact, it couldn't have been because the worst case scenario was billions of people dead.
And that's part of the whole Scooby-Doo that is so potentially dangerous for our children.
Because if we as families and we as communities and we as school boards and we as state legislatures pat ourselves on the back for having figured out that it was probably a gain of function lab leak and thank goodness it wasn't the big one.
Then we will effectively be bamboozling our children into believing this mythology that the worst case scenario is 5 billion people.
That the worst case scenario could be produced in a garage.
And that when they sound the sirens, we have no choice but to go into the basement.
And so this is our last chance to free our children from this potential psychological prison.
The last chance for them to have the truth in their heart so that they can give it to their children as well.
Because that's the real danger.
If our children aren't clear about what's going on because they're playing too much Fortnite, if our children aren't clear about what's going on because we let them play roadblocks.
And then they get in their 20s and we let them out of our house and they go out into the real world and now they're interacting with other adults who are equally clueless.
Actually it should be.
Because it's the end of the game at that stage is not just a wrong answer.
They are misleading the young ladies and gentlemen and it is up to us right now us that's it us we are the only ones left.
Because there is an entire illusion of consensus somehow or another they're on board on the next train.
I don't know what it is you know future money or future digital ID or a promise to work at NIH or maybe they think that their patents for inhalable vaccines are going to be taken up in the next year or two after the RNA fees is out.
But there is an illusion of consensus going on in the background of a couple plays.
And the number of people that are connected to one another behind the scenes through the wine steams and through Peter Teal and through Joe Rogan and through the same sponsors like Limit Drink and this kind of thing.
The rabbit hole is very deep there but there's no question that it's like a it's like a social media kind of thing.
Because all these people have really weird connections to social media weird deep connections to the new social media that emerged in the pandemic.
Which you can't underestimate the importance of because by you know letting off the loud explosion in the background called the pandemic and then watching where people went and seeing how people behaved allowed them to decide who needed what propaganda and who was vulnerable to what
stories.
And so you've got to also realize that me you we all don't know how our view of the outside happenings has been distorted through social media given a personal lens that could be placed on our view.
A personal lens of what we see a personal lens of what people see of us and also a personal lens of what we see of other people seeing us.
And all the while this illusion of consensus is being actively supported by this.
This algorithmic apparatus in this censorship apparatus so you can't.
You've got to think really hard before you're even approaching an adequate assessment of how tilted the playing field is and how distorted our own views are I don't.
I lost that illusion a long time ago and it helped me a lot to think about how to move forward.
And so I'm trying just to offer ways for us to move forward that's all I really want.
And you know we're all on this ride together we're all in this car together somebody's been at the driving seat for way we've been in the backseat for way too long.
And this faith in a novel viruses what's got us down this long long long long road here and we got to turn around go back.
They don't want us to think that that's even possible but the world back there is still back there it's it's all around us.
The way we used to live is still all around us.
There's no new normal unless we accept it there's no no new normal unless we accept it.
It doesn't have to be asymptomatic spread if we don't accept it we don't have to accept that vaccination got rid of polio and measles.
The data says it didn't.
But that accepting it is the new world order they want you to accept it they want you to feel like well at least I'm comfortable or at least I'm.
And maybe they're already assuming that you.
That we have accepted and that's why they're they're pushing ever harder with the pain.
So let's break this illusion of consensus please let's take a look at some of these people we've looked at people like Robert Malone a lot you can look at his sub stack now and find out that he's talking about MRNA and cattle.
He's thinking about raising wagu beef and therefore he's decided that he needs to be what part of the American Cattleman's Association.
And he's using them as kind of a springboard to make another you know stab at at at the RNA platform yet claiming it's you know invention and also actually in that sub stack he waves around the fact that he'll him and.
Dr. glass Jill glass pool Malone have one of the first patents or maybe the first patent on mucosal vaccines whatever that means not that I don't know what a mucosal vaccine is but that he has the first patent or that that it would be enforceable.
Today I thought instead I'd do something a little more fun and exciting that something that was on my list for a long time that I meant to go do but I haven't gone done and I needed a distraction today in light of what happened yesterday.
And so I thought this would be a good way to do it and so I hope you don't mind that I'm just going to go out left field here and watch an old video from nurse Aaron and actually.
I don't have an opinion on Joseph McCola either way as far as I can tell he's a pretty a pretty pro health freedom guy so in so far as I believe that that's the tent I want to be in I'm hoping that he's also in it.
Given the fact that he also delves a lot of nutrition I mean it's also very possible that like everyone who delves in nutrition there's so much gray area there that he can be shown to be making more mistakes.
Then he probably is in reality as he tries to generalize and speak to the whole public so I thought it was interesting that she had interviewed with him and I would default to the idea that at that stage.
Joseph McCola was just trying to do what he wanted to do and couldn't know that this this innocent girl from Wisconsin that moved to Florida and then went up to New York to try to do the right thing might be a medler.
But I've pretty much come to the conclusion that she's probably a medler.
And so I just thought I wanted to watch this video so here we go we're going to watch that video and see what's up if you can hear that blower in the background I can click that off now and there it goes.
COVID-19 is catalyzed some of the worst human behavior and history, especially with respect to the medical profession.
And a classic example of this is the story that was exposed by Erin Marie Oslevsky at the epicenter nurse in New York City at Elmhurst Hospital which had the highest concentration of COVID patients and she discusses in detail the egregious gross negligence that resulted in so many unnecessary deaths.
I did go into this profession to help people. It did not take me long to realize that we're literally just pumping our patients for medications. Most of my job was morning meds, afternoon meds, night meds, more tests.
I've always kind of had a passion for you know the more of a natural approach to health.
And it was kind of devastating to me to realize that I wasn't really helping these patients I was contributing to the problem.
They created a liability and free environment. So now you have a liability free environment where everybody knows that no matter what I do, I'm not going to get in trouble for it.
We have no family around putting us in check. You've got doctors and nurses that at that point just didn't care because everybody was going to die anyway.
So what's the point you know you have everybody on a ventilator. So these patients can't even speak for themselves. They're at the hands of whoever is taking care of them at that point.
They essentially turned elm hers into an all COVID hospital. If you're going to admit somebody they're either COVID positive or they're reading their test results you know it's just so they would be admitted as COVID rule out and it was the hospital would still get the kick back
there's $13,000 for the medication to the floor. Some of these people like the one that was unnecessarily invented. He could have went to the ship the comfort ship, knowing that he was negative for COVID they knew that but they still admitted him got the 13,000 and then ventilated him for another 39,000.
So I just want to let you know that this is on 1.25 speed and this is just the run up to it's like a he cut all different things in together here to make it really, really rapid fire and then he's going to start over again so you don't need to keep up with this
for an hour. Just so you know. So this was happening consistently. There's no reason that these patients had to be packed in like sardines when we highlight external resources that were being utilized. So why, you know, and that goes up to the administration
and just really for management of the entire system. Maybe it was the financial incentive and that's just just people just, you know, not caring now and putting profit over these people.
Well, welcome everyone. This is Dr. Mercola helping you take control of your health and today we are excited to share an interview with Aaron Marie Leslie who is a nurse that was at the epicenter of the pandemic in New York City.
So she has some really interesting information to share. So welcome. Thank you for joining us today.
Yeah, thank you so much for having me, Dr. Mercola. I've been a long time coming.
All right. Well, you've written a new book too. What's the name of your new book that describes this process. Yeah, it's the undercover epicenter nurse.
That's appropriate to the undercover epicenter and epicenter nurse so I'd like to start with getting a little historical background from you.
I thought by if we've posted your initial video that you had that was really well done and had quite a good response to that back in June but you know that was well before your book was out.
It seemed clear from your video that you, you live in Tampa, Florida now. And, but it seems like you did not sound like the Floridian. I I detected a bit of a Canadian twinge to your accent and respected you were from Wisconsin and you confirmed that even that were from upper peninsula.
So you grow up in the upper Midwest. Yes. And then from there you transition you were you were in the Iraqi war too. So I'm curious if you could describe what transition to there and then onwards to nursing school and then down to Florida.
So let's get the historic history first I mean going to what you what you did in New York.
Yeah, so I'm originally as born and best for Michigan so that's like the UP of Michigan.
My parents were raised in that area too so I'm talking you know a town of 2000.
Well town and.
My hometown in Wisconsin is 1200 people you lose them.
I've always kind of been the risk taker, you know, my parents joke about it to this day so I kind of ventured out on my own and you know join the military when I was 17.
And just to explore because I always knew that there was more out there and I wanted to just, I guess, immerse myself in a different culture and experience life so
I mean that when I was in basic training which was I left in July of 2001.
That's when September 11 happened and I actually read a lot about my life in my book so people can understand why I am the way I am and you know the way I think the way I think.
But yeah September 11 happened when I was in basic training and they pretty much said you know I said, you know, get ready because you're about to go to war and at that point I was only 18 years old so
I can imagine that would do it to you for sure.
How long were you in the in the war conflict was it four years.
All together yeah I was in Iraq for just over a year.
And then kind of ventured around the United States it essentially brought me down to Tampa where I worked for a short period of the special operations command.
And ended up getting out and going into nursing, which is what my ultimate goal was you know that since I was essentially in kindergarten.
And so that's kind of what got me here and what essentially brought us down to Tampa.
So we both migrated from the Midwest down to Florida for different reasons but I think it's a really in my view.
One of the best days to live in the United States.
Anyway, I want to go back to 20 years ago before you actually enlisted.
I was sitting at my desk when I was still treating patients and at the time I had a subscription to the print version of JAMA.
There was an article written by Barbara Cartwright right who was an MD PhD.
And it went over the statistics of death rates in the United States.
And I was astounded.
And what had been nine grayish type headline nothing major but I read that read the article and I realized oh my gosh.
If you add the numbers up doctors are the third leading cause of disease.
I created that headline 20 years ago in July 2000 and 2000.
And that actually took off as quite a mean and you know spread over the whole and you might have even heard of it before.
And, you know, this is conventional medicine is it is well documented clearly that their errors and mistakes alone is the third leading cause of death.
That is egregious enough but what has it has gone exponential since that time and actually been validated.
And your experience in New York really is amazing testimony to what has happened.
How people how clinicians are essentially getting away with murder.
So we're going to go into the details because it's quite a story.
So I'm wondering though if you you were so you you left the military.
You got your nurses training and you were then you've been a nurse I want you to pick up your story after you finished nursing school and then lead us into the thought process that this that prompted you to go to New York.
In Queens was it the Elmhurst hospital there, which is public health hospital.
I mean, were you just volunteering or did you have some idea that you were going to uncover some nefarious deeds up there. What was the story behind that.
I'm going to go back really quickly just to touch on what you were talking about with medical air and being the third lead.
Absolutely.
So we go I mean I'm sure that you did and I know that I did go into this profession to help people.
And it just as a new nurse out of school, you know, usually most nurses start out on like a medical surgical floor in a hospital, which is that's where I began my career as a registered nurse.
And you know, I did not take me long to realize that we're literally just pumping our patients full of medications.
Most of my job was morning meds afternoon meds night meds meds meds meds more meds more tests. And I've always kind of had a passion for, you know, the more of a natural approach to health.
And it was kind of devastating to me to realize that I wasn't really helping these patients I was contributing to the problem.
So I've always kind of had that mindset, you know, as a nurse that how can I get these patients look through these meds and, you know, talk to the doctors and advocate for them to get them off all this.
And, you know, I would hit a lot of roadblocks and so I ended up going to work at a private practice where doctors were more concerned about, you know, not so much profit, but the people.
And so I've always kind of continued along those those lines.
And so flat, you know, fast forward to this year.
We were essentially laid off from our job. So, you know, in Florida, we did it right. I mean, we didn't ban any of the alternative treatments.
You know, they kind of left it up to individual hospitals to make up their own mind. So that's why we were very successful.
Whereas New York was not, I didn't learn that right away until I got there, you know, so.
Wait, wait, wait, you said you were in private practice, or did you transition back into the hospital setting where you still in private practice.
Yeah.
I actually worked at, I worked two jobs. I've always kind of worked at multiple different jobs at the same time, just because I like, I like to keep myself entertaining.
I guess I get bored of this thing over and over and over. So I've always kind of held two nursing jobs.
So yeah, I was working at a hospital here.
You know, so I did go back into the hospital sector because my point is my point of view is that if, if I'm not going to be there to be able to advocate for my patients in a way that puts them first and who is, you know, so some of us have to be able to like try to fix the broken system.
So yeah.
All right, so, let me just finish up, I forgot the full story on the article I read by a written by Barbara Cartwright, who was an MD PhD of Stanford and the final part of sharing that story is that the ultimate irony is that she died of a medical
mistake, essentially.
It's not just a mistake, but a complication of a legally prescribed drug she's given fabrics for some type of prophylactic dbt prophylaxis and she died in complications.
It's not like the physician who was exposing this actually dies from the system.
So, so you have this penchant this leaning towards understanding this at a profoundly deep level, and you were practicing both in private practice in the hospital in Florida, one of the best states in the country perspective their ability to provide appropriate care to the patient so
I'm just curious, it's just this desire to have another life experience or was there any other reason for it.
Yeah, I mean, I couldn't figure out why New York was struggling so much and I guess it's just kind of in my personality to, you know, go where the health is needed.
The opportunity presented itself. I talked to my, you know, boss, my director at the hospital and they're like, are you sure, you know, but most people are scared, you know, and when you say by opportunity presents up, you mean that there was requests from New York City because they were being overwhelmed with cases
up there for nursing staff from other states to come up and help them.
Yeah, they were in desperate need of nurses. So, you know, they were calling it the front lines, the epicenter. This is where everybody was, you know, just dying and laughing right about you.
You saw the trucks, you know, outside of these hospitals filled with bodies and then like, you know, it can't be any worse than what I've already been through in Iraq.
So, you know, put me in the game. So, yeah, I accepted a travel nursing job, packed my bags and was out the door in two days, you know, because my family goodbye and hopped on a plane.
And then when was it? Is that May of this year?
It was in April.
April.
Yeah.
It was early on.
And I don't have access to the statistics now, but where was that in the course of the pandemic? Is that the height of it? Was it right before the height? It was pretty close to if it wasn't.
Yeah, it was a little after the height, but it was still pretty.
I mean, we were every single one of my patients still died. You know, it was still extremely packed in these hospitals with pretty much every single person on a ventilator.
Okay, so you were at the epicenter of the epicenter is the place in the world actually that had the highest one of the highest concentrations of patients dying and number of people dying.
So, and you were there in the middle of it because the other horse hospital was probably one of the, the largest concentrations of patients.
Okay, so holy cow. What, what can I say about that first a little bit there?
Let me see if this works.
Here we go and put myself back in the corner.
Okay, so look.
I agree with my Cola here, right? The third leading cause of death. It was a great story. I remember that a little bit. I think at least some discussion of it.
Doesn't mention her anti-vax nonprofit work. It's important to understand that when she first moved down to Florida, she registered two different nonprofits, which could be characterized as anti-vax groups.
And she didn't say that as part of her, you know, her development process.
She is wearing shiny lipstick. She's making this, this motion a lot, which I'm, I listed here as lip pursing. She said, she did it a couple times, one time when she said that she had two jobs as high.
That's how I do it. And she's flashing her eyes a lot. I don't know if she's looking away or reading flashcards or it's kind of a flirty thing or what it is she's doing with the camera, but it's very strange because she knows right where to look.
It's not like she doesn't know how to look in the camera. She's just, you know, looking over there all the time. So I'm not really sure what that's all about. But anyway, so I like the fact that he asked why did you go to New York, you know, running into the fire and she couldn't figure out why they were struggling in New York.
And she just, you know, it's interesting to go where the help is needed. And she and Joe both reinforced the idea that they were overwhelmed with cases. She even said, yeah, they were calling it. She said that that they were calling it the epicenter.
So from her perspective, they were making it out to be that it was ground zero. This is really the place and it can't be any worse than Iraq, she says. So they went at the height of the pandemic. The height of the pandemic, I guess, was in April. So I think Jessica.
That was actually very right. That they needed the New York event. The New York event was the event that allowed all the other noise to be misconstrued as a spreading pandemic.
Every one of her patients died.
That's a pretty bold statement, don't you think every one of her patients died?
So maybe you can share the details because I'm not sure the specifics of the New York system.
Yeah. Well, one of my first rights rights is when you're going into war time, which they considered that, you know, frontline for.
I expected to get to work immediately and quickly learned that we were going to just sit around for three days waiting for an assignment.
There was nurses that got there before me that we're sitting around for 18 days.
So my question is, why weren't they using their, you know, utilizing their resources, complaining that they didn't have enough help when we got that.
I'm not talking 100 or 200. I'm talking like 1000 2000 nurses sitting around in the airport.
So that was very confusing to me.
Um, you know, if, if indeed this was, you know, essentially, you know, a war zone and people are literally dying.
Okay. So you're, you're supposed to believe that there were nurses in New York that weren't working.
They were sitting around for 18 days before she got there on this visiting nurse plan that was based on the idea that they were short of nurses.
And all of her patients died.
So should that, does that necessarily mean that they brought in nurses from elsewhere to allow the patients to die to create the scenario in the hospitals where there would be nobody who knew where anything was there be nobody who was familiar with where they were.
There'd be nobody there to do anything like normal.
And so in, on top of putting these people on their heels by telling them there's a pandemic of a deadly virus that you can stop with ventilation and need full body coverage and, and masks to stay away from.
But then also you bring a bunch of people in from outside and then make them work together in an unfamiliar hospital and put all the nurses that are there at home.
If that's really the story, then we should definitely delineate it and we should figure that out. We should have there should be thousands of nurses who can testify that they weren't working during the pandemic while Aaron was invited to come and replace them.
That's the exact story she's telling right here.
One to two thousand nurses were not working. Some of the nurses that had come from other places had been sitting for 18 days and she thought she was going to be wartime, you know, frontline work.
You see why this work is important because this is where the worst case scenario came from who as for all I know Nathan saw this video.
I know one of Nathan's partners at the law firm saw this video and became convinced that the worst case scenario was possible.
And that's what convinced my friend not to listen to me.
So this is very important because these players are not insignificant.
She self admits that she was doing the same things in Iraq, winning people over scyops pretending.
Got to wake up ladies and gentlemen, we've got to do the hard work.
You can't be scared to call these people out or they're never they're all going to get away with it.
Very, very, very bare minimum. She's got to throw in her hero towel.
And start to refocus on the idea that there was no evidence of spread. So what the hell did you actually do there, Aaron?
If all of your patients died, did you kill them?
That's what we really need to be asking here.
Quite frankly, I know those are hard questions to ask, but that's the question that she should get asked in this interview.
If this interview was done now in 2023 at the beginning of 2024, when we have the benefit of three years of retrospective inspection of the numbers and the deaths and the where the body stuff.
I'm sure like to see a tabletop exercise involving Jessica Hockett and this.
This sock puppet.
I think this is really significant because I do think that New York was the key.
I do think that New York was the key to starting this all off.
Every other place could be relatively small as long as they could look on TV and see New York and everybody running around panicking with the cruise ship and and the white trucks and the the the the the the drone footage of the wooden caskets being put into the nameless graves.
I mean, that was just choice. Wasn't it? That was priceless. All New York City.
All New York City, ladies and gentlemen. All New York City.
She went to New York City at the end of April. Why? When there were 2000 nurses that weren't working?
Why? When for 18 days, the nurses that got there before her didn't have anything to do? Why was she brought there then?
Who brought her there? What money was spent? Doesn't she care?
Do you think that's in her book?
Right. Why aren't they using us? Utilizing us. And that was, that didn't make any sense to me, but I finally did get an assignment and they put me at Elmhurst Hospital.
It was just completely random. I couldn't want anywhere, but that's where they they picked for me to go. And, and so it could have been anywhere.
All the other hospitals were empty. So the only place to go would have been Elmhurst.
It was the one that was overwhelmed. There were no other overwhelmed hospitals in New York City because people walked into them with cameras and busted it.
I got there and literally it took me a shift 12 hours to realize that this is absolute chaos and not because we didn't have enough staff.
We were well staffed. It was because just nobody cared.
I literally felt like I was living in the Twilight Zone and just knowing what I know about our system anyway on a good day. This was just absolute just negligence.
Your experience highlights one of the greatest flaws in the entire system. And even in good times, the best of times, like 20 years ago when I read that article, the system is responsible for maybe the majority of deaths in the country.
It's just if you include their ignorance of basic nutritional principles. So, but clearly, when you go into the hospital, you are a great, great risk.
And I've interviewed Dr. Andrew Saul in the past who's written actually a book on this and we've had, I think, two interviews, helping people understand that one of the most important strategies, if you or anyone you know what's in the hospital, do you have to have an advocate?
Ideally, that is a close family member who's with you, depending on your circumstances, around the clock to make sure mistakes don't happen because they will happen and very likely will happen because of the attitude that you described.
It's a little scary there. It's not not you or some of the other nurses, but, you know, it's a little frightening, though. I've got to say, because I don't like this discussion of of previous mechanisms of harm being a large component of this current situation.
That's that's maybe unwitting distortion of what's actually going on. He's acknowledging that there's a lot of atrogenic death before the pandemic and that's very important.
But now what we're talking about is a very specific protocol change, a very specific protocol specification specific specifying specific things that kill specific people with specific protocols because they're specifically designed not to help them specifically.
It's very different than mistakes or malpractice or, you know, just people doing what the hospital tells them to do except that now it's done with a financial incentive, a big giant financial incentive with a big giant national security incentive on top of it.
Maybe even with people like Aaron working behind the scenes as a posing as a nurse, but actually a member of the national security state that needs the public to accept a worst case scenario in order for the secure the countermeasures to work.
And like I said, the moment that they decided that the plan had to go forward, they can't go backwards on it anymore. Otherwise, they're not really executing it as it's designed.
Once you decide it's the worst case scenario, you got to follow it through to the end and the end is everybody vaccinated. So that's what they did.
Or that's what they went for.
But the medical staff typically gets into this and I'm not blaming them. It's just the reality as a result of that the stakes are made. So that the complication was just greatly exponentially exacerbated the so process is that family was excluded.
You had no advocates other than the staff there. So why don't you expand on that to me. That was probably the worst catastrophe of this that resulted in much of this abuse occurring because they had no advocates.
Well, I'll give him that then, Pamela. I mean, it's okay as long as he's very clear that that what happened before the pandemic is kind of random and it's just ignorance and here at the pandemic.
It was a combination of fear, financial and national security pinching on these young doctors because the old doctors were all sent home. The old doctors were given early retirement.
And so these young residents were given directions from above from the hospital administration that there's a novel virus coming around and there's a protocol you have to follow. And if you follow the protocol, there's no chance of of malpractice.
Even if you make them if it's a mistake, even if the person doesn't live and this is how you can prevent spread and yada yada yada and even in New York City and in New York State, I believe it was.
They passed a law or a moratorium or a executive order or whatever it was. And Jessica Hockett probably knows this and better than I do that that sort of said that there was no malpractice for a while said that all the doctors that were treating
were not liable for anything. And so they were free to follow orders that might have gone against their gut instincts. They were free to follow orders that otherwise they might not have followed like ventilating people who could talk.
New York City was an absolute
Well, it was the epicenter. It was the epicenter of the theater.
Well, that's exactly right. And on top of that, they created a liability and free environment.
Ah, yes.
So now you have a liability-free environment where anybody knows that no matter what I do, I'm not going to get in trouble for it. We have no family around putting us in check.
You know, on a good day. And I'm sure there's a lot of your viewers that have had their own struggles inside these hospitals on a good day when they're allowing.
I mean, I've seen it, you know, working in these hospitals. And so now you have no family. You've got a liability-free environment. You've got doctors and nurses that at that point just didn't care because everybody was going to die anyway. So what's the point?
And then, you know, you have everybody on a ventilator. So these patients can't even speak for themselves. They're at the hands of whoever is taking care of them at that point.
And that's why I, you know, how do you sit by and allow this to happen? I don't know how so many people knowingly knew this was going on and just choose to remain quiet. It's just really sad.
Yeah. At the time, I don't think it was well understood that ventilator management for this illness was not a good choice. And it was really the kiss of death.
I believe I don't practice in the hospital, or even in an office setting anymore. But it's my understanding that that's not being considered the standard care at this point.
So it was, I mean, you cited some incredible statistics. I think there was only one person in your four weeks at the hospital that survived being put on the vent.
And that's because it was a kiss of death. I mean, if you were put on the vent, you were dead.
So every person that when I first got there, this was, well, earlier April, and within the first week I was there, I started videoing after speaking with an attorney in New York.
And I haven't.
Wait, wait, why don't you go. I'm really curious as to that process and I just want to just get over that I want you to go into more detail because it really was quite a decision that you made to do this. I mean, there was that there was hundreds of other nurses just in that hospital alone.
And thousands within the city, but very few made the decision to actually video record what was going on. So just help us understand your thinking process that led you to that action.
I actually don't know if I've ever talked about this the first day that I was there was actually anyone so you're the first.
The very first day I was at Elmhurst, like I said, it didn't take me more than a shift to realize what was going on.
I got back to my hotel room and just broke down in tears. And I'm like, I don't even know what to do right now. Like, I couldn't even believe it. And so I actually have, you know, a lot of nurse friends.
And I asked them to just have on a Zoom call with me. And I just let it all out. You know, like, I, you guys, I don't know what to do. And one of them is nurse practitioner show she ended up essentially kind of being my proxy.
She did a live video and it went pretty viral. And what happened to her is she got just gas, gas lighted by everybody. She had death threats. Everyone said that she was making it up.
So I had contacted an attorney after a few days of seeing what was going on with her, just trying to get my message out. And I'm like, listen, no one's going to believe what's happening here because they don't believe her.
There was other whistleblowers prior to me that they didn't believe. And like, the only way the public is ever going to be able to, you know, even somewhat, you know, take this seriously and believe what I'm saying and what others are saying is with actual video.
And I had already tried to go up the chain of command and everybody would just tell you to just be quiet or you're gone. You know, you were considered a troublemaker. You tried to advocate for your patients. And, you know, you were pretty much shunned.
So I contacted an attorney after one of the things is important to remember. There's a guy in the chat named thinkologist. And he says that, like I said, I said, I had a traveling nurse and respiratory therapist stay with me here in New York City.
They had lucrative contracts and worked for 10 hours, 10 hour days and they were forced to only implement CDC protocols. So what I want everybody to understand about the illusion of consensus is that if you bring in a foreign nurse like Aaron,
who's tall and attractive and bossy and confident and a wartime nurse and you have her running around up there following CDC protocols and then you have one other person go along with her. What do you have? You have an illusion of consensus.
And that means that that one of the things that you can imagine they needed to do was make sure there were just a few nurses who were there and knew how to take the lead, knew how to make sure that people were walking in the right direction or suspecting the right things.
And that's why one of the things that she was really in charge of doing was filming the idea that they were mixing COVID patients with non COVID patients. And this was the reason why everybody was dying in that hospital.
And so she made some videos where other nurses unwittingly were recorded kind of confirming with leading questions that, yes, we're putting COVID patients with non COVID patients. I thought we weren't going to do that and almost seeming to egg them on almost seeming to want to panic them.
And so again, I can't stress enough how essentially all she needed to do was go in there and be one of these volunteers and then speak up at the right time.
Then encourage the group to think the right thing at the right time to plant a conclusion just in case they didn't come up with it.
And then if you make her an army nurse, you make her pretty, you're tall, make her confident.
Then if she says, you know, this is crazy. We're killing people here. We're mixing all these people up. Will any of those nurses ever come to the conclusion that wait, there's nothing spreading.
The only thing that's spreading is the ventilators.
Would she ever, she would never have allowed that. In fact, you can imagine that's exactly what she was allowed and she was there to make sure never happened.
Was that she had to make sure that people assumed the spread was occurring. She had to make sure that people were afraid of the spread.
She had to make sure that people accepted the faith.
I think we cracked this one, ladies and gentlemen, look at that. We are like, we are like sure our homes.
You know, my, essentially my proxy who isn't a practitioner herself. So even after going up the chain of command talking to, you know, anybody that was in charge and, you know, it was always, they always were passing the thought to, you know, well, it's not me. It's the next person. It's not, you know, that's the authority. Like nobody had any answers.
And, you know, if you were considered a problem child, you know, you know, somebody that's asking way too many questions, then you were sent home and there was nurses sent home prior, you know, it's me getting there for doing the same thing.
So why would anybody do that? And I mean, there's maybe a lot of different answers to that, but ethics essentially just went out the window and my attorney actually ended up getting me a pair of spy glasses in order to video.
And they fit in with the rest of the PPE. So it was never really, you know, questioned.
How those work. They're lenses that don't have any prescription element to it. And they've got a camera embedded in the brain.
Yeah, I didn't even know those existed. So it was, you know, it was really surreal.
Yeah, right. You were in the psyops of the army and you were in, you know, like, yeah, you didn't know to me.
I'm like, is this, is this what are we, is this where this is now?
Is this what I'm literally going to do? And it was pretty terrifying. But at the same time, you know, I'm going in there and looking at these my patients, like, you know, why you guys deserve justice.
And this should have never happened. And I hope history never repeats itself ever again.
History won't repeat itself. If you don't ventilate people again, you don't encourage the nurses around you to ventilate again.
I'm really confused as to what's going on here. It seems like she's trying to portray herself as somebody who just went there and filmed a little bit while she walked around with a nurse's badge on.
She said that all but one of her patients died. Like, there I use the M word.
I mean, it seems pretty appropriate here, right?
I'm not really sure how to reconcile this because she's and one, one sense of journalist and, and, and photographer. And in another sense, she's a nurse who went up there to charge into the burning building.
And all of her patients died. I mean, wow, wow, wow.
And, you know, that was, that was the mission. You know, I, people need to know the truth. And, you know, those that thought this was okay need to be held accountable for these actions in our, in our profession.
We're supposed to be there for the patients. So we're supposed to act with, you know, integrity and compassion and none of that was happening.
Yeah. Yeah. I did my training in inner city hospital in Chicago and, which had major benefits. I mean, you had some really, really sick patients and even as a third year medical student, you were delegated a lot of responsibility.
And hopefully we're smart enough to get some help when you needed it. But you basically taught you to be a doctor a lot quicker than the regular system would typically do you allow you to do. But it became very clear.
It was an interesting window into your experience because typically the committed nursing staff knew more than most of the doctors put together because they were in the trenches day in and day out they knew what worked they knew what didn't work and they knew if they were going to kill someone.
And I can remember many times as a, either a medical student or a residence where the nurses would, you know, maybe some of my choices, but I'll certainly other training staff they were able to correct the mistakes that would implement or would kill the patient.
So, you know, it's just part of the process of learning how to be a physician. It's an inevitable consequence, but the nurses are typically there to protect most of them. Obviously, some have gotten to the point where it's just a job, but that, you know, it wasn't a comment from my experience.
So I'm wondering if you can share your observations as to the percentage of the nursing staff who felt similar as you did versus the, you know, taking the position of most of the positions and what, I mean, and also we comment on the positions themselves.
I mean, what percentage were just doing the job to get it done or expeditiously or really, were there any physicians that you saw that really care for what they were doing and really sought to provide exemplary care of the patients.
The nurses, and this is what surprised me so much that the majority of us also the same things.
You know, we went to work on a bus and we drove home on bus. So we were together in the mornings, you know, we're together in the evenings.
And this is what we discussed, like, oh my gosh, like, I can't even believe this is how they do things here.
This was 12 hours. Yeah. Yeah, every day.
And so she's on a bus with other foreign nurses who don't live there. I can't believe how they do this here.
Can you hear it?
You need one person there.
And the rest of the people are foreign.
So if they showed up to a ward that was that was manned or captained by somebody that she's also working with, and then she shows up as a volunteer with some other volunteers and pretends not to know the person.
Wow, it's done.
It's simply done.
And there's nothing more necessary because they have a part of the consensus on the inside with the nurses, all of which are out of their element, not working where they feel like masters.
And so they're trying to fit in. They're trying to defer to other people's mastery because they don't want to, you know, get torched at their new position.
And so you need one insider that's present at Elmhurst and you need this girl coming in from outside to both be coordinated on the consensus that there's a novel virus that we should all be terrified of.
And is spreading asymptomatically that we should be terrified of and everything else falls in place.
You want to question what we're doing here? Fine. You want to call it crazy? Fine. It all works in your favor because then the coordinated opinion of her and that shift supervisor or that resident or that other person from the government
makes all of these foreign nurses that are there, do what they're told. And well, we're not going to be liable for it. I need the money.
It's a pandemic. Nobody else can work. I consider myself lucky that I could just work. So this is what we've got to do. Those people are all in Medicare anyway. They don't have any family members.
Yeah. No, not even a weekend song. No, straight. I've never worked so much in my life. Yeah. That's an 84 hour week. That's a double. That's a double done. Yeah.
Every day for just about a month straight. Yeah. But so she was killing people for four weeks straight, 10 hours a day, keeping them on the vents when they didn't needed following the orders and all but one.
That's what she's saying. Tell me I'm wrong here. That's exactly what she's saying. And then she's saying, but because I filmed it and wrote a book, I'm getting revenge for those people.
I mean, this is the kind of distorted, twisted version of reality that we are getting right now that we have accepted right now. This was in 2021 and are.
Oh, shoot. Now I lost my place. It doesn't really matter. I guess we're not going to go back that far.
This was in August of 2020. You see, so we're right in the midst of going back to going back to university and Richard E. Bright is saying that if we open universities again, we're going to kill quarter million people by Christmas.
That's what was happening in August 2020 in case you can't remember.
August 2020, I still was riding to pit. I still had not been told I shouldn't come in anymore.
August, I had just gotten a new contract one month into my new contract. Boy, did they regret doing that, I guess, because they had to pay me till the next July after they told me not to come in in October.
That was a blessing boy. Was that a blessing? That's what got my feet underneath me with this stream.
That's what got me to meet Greg James. That's got got me to meet Rodney Mullen. That's what got me to meet Bobby Kennedy.
That's what got me to meet Mark Koolack.
So that was right now. That was right then. August 2020, a month after or two months after I had already said the natural immunity was enough. They were probably conflating this with background signals in my backyard in Shaler with the crickets behind me and a fire that would never burn.
That's where we are. August 2020. She's selling a book and she's basically admitting on screen that all the people that she treated died and the kind of accepting thing that even Joseph is accepting is that they died of the virus.
Maybe we shouldn't have ventilated them, but they had the virus. So they were, they were in danger of dying and maybe we shouldn't have put them on the vent or we should have used it, but it's gray.
There's no black and white declaration that you were a dumbass for going up there and following orders and ventilating people who could talk and then only videotaping it. What are you? A barbarian? What are you?
A barbarian? What are you? You killed people. The right thing would have been to do would have been to get on a plane and go back to Florida, right? The right thing to do would not have been take a month and a half of 85 hour weeks with overtime pay.
Come on. Don't you see how awful this is? How so terrified we were so confused in 2020 that we couldn't see this for what it was?
And do you see how malevolent it is now in retrospect? There can be no doubt.
It's not, you know, that's the authority. Like nobody had any answers. And, you know, if you were considered a problem child, you know, somebody that's asking way too many questions, then you were sent home. And there was there's a sent home prior, you know, it's negated after doing the same thing. So why would anybody do that? And I mean, there's maybe a lot of different answers to that, but ethics essentially just went out the window.
And my attorney actually ended up getting me a pair of spy glasses in order to video.
I'm going to fast forward a little bit because we already listened to this.
So it was never really, you know, questioned.
How those work? They're lenses that, you know, it was pretty happened. And I hope history never repeats itself. My patient where this is now.
What? Here you go, Jessica. This is for you.
But at the same time, you know, I'm going in there and looking at these my patients like, you know, why you guys deserve justice. And this should have never happened.
Jessica, she said that over the four weeks that she was at Elmer's hospital, only one of her patients survived. Only one survived.
So she decided to videotape that stuff. So, so it was so crazy, you know, and they were paying her and she worked 85 hour weeks, 10 hours a day, every day through the weekend straight ventilating everybody.
And it was just crazy. She only had one person survive. She just said that on the video.
And I hope history never repeats itself ever again. And, you know, that was, that was the mission. You know, I, people need to know the truth. And, you know, those that thought this was okay.
Need to be held accountable for these actions in our, in our profession. We're supposed to be there for that.
Is she not aware that she thought it was okay by doing it?
Is she not aware that all of the nurses that did it are are the ones who did it?
Like the people who gave the bad orders are bad people. That's for sure. Any hospital administrator that said ventilate everybody's a bad person.
If Cuomo told hospitals to do that and they followed the orders, they are still bad people too.
And if you ran into a burning house, excuse me, if you flew from out of state to run into a burning house and found out that the fire was fake.
And you continued to save people from the fire, I guess, by spraying water everywhere and ruining the house and wrecking all this shit that was in the house and then saying, well, they told me that the house was on fire and they didn't tell me to stop.
So I just kept spraying the foam everywhere. Sorry, I wrecked your mansion.
I know that's a terrible analogy. I just pulled it out of the air. But the point is, is that she described it as her instinct was to run where the help was needed.
And so if she got there and found out that the help wasn't needed, wouldn't her instinct have also allowed her to rise above the illusion and fight for her patients with more than her cell phone?
Holy balls. I can't believe how see through this is no patients.
So we're supposed to act with integrity and compassion and none of that was happening.
Yeah, yeah. I did my training in inner city hospital in Chicago, and which has major benefits. I mean, it's some really, really sick patients and even as a third year medical student, you were delegated a lot of responsibility.
And hopefully we're smart enough to get some help when you needed it. But you basically taught you to be a doctor a lot quicker than the regular system would typically do you allow you to do. But it became very clear.
It was an interesting window into your experience, because typically the committed nursing staff knew more than most of the doctors put together because they were in the trenches day in and day out. They knew what worked. They knew what didn't work.
And they knew if they were going to kill someone. I can remember many times as a medical student or a residence where the nurses would, you know, maybe some of my choices, but I'll certainly other training staff.
They were, they would correct the mistakes that would implement or would kill the patient.
So, you know, it's just part of the process of learning how to be a physician.
It's an inevitable consequence, but the nurses are typically there to protect most of them. Obviously, some have gotten to the point where it's just a job, but that, you know, it wasn't a comment from my experience.
So I'm wondering if you can share your observations as to the percentage of the nursing staff who felt similar as you did versus the taking the position of most of the physicians.
And then what, I mean, and also we're coming on the positions themselves. I mean, what percentage were just doing the job to get it done or expeditiously or really, were there any physicians that you saw there that really care for what they were doing and really sought to provide exemplary care
patients.
The nurses, and this is what surprised me so much that the majority of us also the same things.
You know, we went to work on a bus and we drove home on bus. So we were together in the mornings.
And we really went a long ways back. I apologize for that.
Like, oh my gosh, like I can't even believe this is how they do things here.
These were 12 hour shifts as you're working. Yeah. Yeah, every day, every single day.
Yeah.
No, not even a weekend song.
No, straight. I've never worked so much in my life. Yeah.
That's an 84 hour week. That's a double. That's double done.
Yeah, every day for just about a month.
Yeah.
But, you know, and so we all did say the same thing and I actually recorded a lot of those conversations too, just because I don't want people to think like it was just me, you know, like me, really everybody thought the same thing like this is not okay.
But everybody is so afraid to say something because, you know, like, for instance, I've gotten taken through the trend.
But that doesn't really make sense.
I hope you understand that right she's a leader.
She was in the army. She was in Iraq.
If she cared about her fellow Americans and she knew that all the nurses around her agreed with her, she would lead a rebellion that would actually have saved these people. Am I right?
Oh, yeah, I'm right.
It doesn't sound at all like the same courage that brought her there from her push life in Florida.
Into the epicenter of a new worldwide dangerous pandemic only to find out that it all wasn't what it seemed and then well, I guess we'll just go along with it anyway, even though everybody in here knows it's a bad thing and I used to be a leader.
I'm not going to bother leading. I'm just going to get my cell phone out and get my glasses on. I'm going to record this shit.
Because I can sell a book.
Wow. Wow. I can't believe it.
These are the kinds of people who effectively killed hundreds of thousands of Americans have poisoned millions more around the world.
And no, I'm not talking about a bioweapon that self transmits.
I'm talking about the mRNA shot.
I'm talking about the transfection that was enabled by the panic that was enabled by the narrative.
That something significant started in New York and spread started in Wuhan and spread started in northern Italy and spread started in places in Spain and spread people like this were integral to laying that narrative down.
It was an integral to convincing mainstream and backdoor and backwoods media that this was happening.
Just like she was instrumental in making sure that none of those nurses actually did anything to resist.
She was a leader. She just didn't lead them the way you would have expected somebody who was in the army and fought for our freedom and, you know, whatever, this can't be as bad as Iraq.
She wasn't like a tank driver or something like that.
Sweeping for IDs.
She was doing something with orphanages and pretending to be in something something, you know, she wasn't.
It's not G.I. Jane.
She was with people and you know, there's a lot of upset people and they, you know, try to hurt you and in silence you in any way they can.
You know, I was fired essentially for saying anything and we were fired from your position in New York.
Yeah.
Not Florida.
No, I'm still employed in Florida as a nurse.
My, my hospital knew about this video coming out before it actually came out.
Have you been threatened with your nursing license removal at all?
Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of people coming for it. You know, if you go against the norm, then, you know, you're.
They just try to stop you. You know, there's, there's been petitions to take my license.
So, yeah, when I first saw your video, that was the first thing that went through my mind is that they're going to get your license for saying that.
As it deaths their strategy. They, they, they silence the opposition.
Yeah. But the doctors, not before she writes and sells her book, though.
They're.
I don't know that a lot of them were residents, you know, they were first year residents and a lot of them have never been out of Asian's bedside.
So they.
And I started out.
So think about how that is they had brought in foreign nurses.
That were infiltrated by somebody who wasn't going to lead them, but because it's going to confuse them.
Then they put them in a situation where they had to go against their instincts, but because they were all new people.
To one another, not a team.
Not the night shift.
You know, the familiar janitor and that whole thing that you saw on ER or whatever, none of that camaraderie.
These are all people staying at a, at a hotel, just trying to make money to send home and her.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is worth looking back and seeing exactly how convoluted, how magnificent, how 4K, how high res the players were.
And how many of them wittingly or unwittingly or unwittingly were.
Seating a narrative of a spreading virus that killed hundreds, if not thousands of people every week.
No question in Joe's mind that something is spreading.
No question that the story that she's telling is true.
No question.
No skepticism.
And no coming to the conclusion that wow, so was there anything really that would have killed these people or was it just you clowns ventilating people for 4 months and not following your instincts that this was wrong.
I'm sorry, but I think he should be a little angry right now.
I think he should be a little more inquisitive like wait, are you telling me that all of you knew it was a bad idea and you were being supervised by first year residents and you didn't go against it.
Well, that sounds pretty limp to me. That sounds pretty weak to me. That sounds pretty.
I'm not running into this burning house for anybody.
Holy.
I'm going to go to the CNA when I was 16 years old working in my local hospital.
I've been at the patients bedside for decades.
And that some of them decades.
For that part where she was, you know, in the army.
Just zero bedside manner because a lot of people were on ventilators.
They just treated them as they were just, you know, something, something to practice on a human being.
That was very common. Very few and far between. There was a really, really good resident that I just really appreciate because he was on our side. He's like, you're right here.
I think that they are diminishing trust in doctors, but it's kind of, it's kind of warranted.
So the way that they've done that is they've also very poorly prepared doctors medical schools around the United States are crap and they've become exponentially worse over the last 10 years or so.
And that is also set this potential in motion.
And so yes, she's questioning doctors, but there's a good reason to question them because the last decade or so they haven't been well educated.
They've been pharmacologically brainwashed, you know, by the pharmaceutical companies into being distributors of their products rather than advocates for their patient's health.
But yes, I do see here how that is not being done with very much nuance and we're just essentially burning down the whole house here because these people are untrustworthy.
But the nurses are untrustworthy too because if the doctors tell them what to do, they won't resist because they're getting paid too much. It's over time. Come on.
But they were, there was not many of them that, you know, really had that compassion for these lives.
Yeah, so I'm assuming they don't first possible the training hospital where they had residence because if it's an obviously private hospital typically don't have residence.
And if they do, they're really severely supervised or strictly supervised might be a better term.
So public hospitals are a lot different.
There was no supervision, though.
There wasn't. I mean, I very rarely saw an attending. So it was the residents running these floors. And then it was us nurses constantly. I mean, we couldn't even leave our patients room because they come in there and dial the ventilators. They mess with our drips.
You know, we had to end up locking our comps because they would just come in and change it. That's unheard of on a, you know, in a normal day.
See what they're doing here. She's turning around this narrative to say that the positions of physicians were working against them. They were doing everything they could. If they were already on the vent, what did it matter?
They were already being given remdesivir. What did it matter? If they already were being denied antibiotics, but given event while they had pneumonia, what would it matter?
You see what she's doing here? It's really nasty. It's awful. And I'm confused why Joe isn't isn't pushing back a little bit. Like, what the hell were you nurses thinking?
I he just got through saying that the nurses know better and the nurses are better and the nurses are better, but they weren't in this case.
Never touch her. Thank you. Our pumps or ventilators, you know, without letting us know.
That's just an incredible arrogance. What do you motivate this type of behavior that they could, that they think they knew better than the nursing staff who, who essentially is responsible for doing these things day in and day out.
And they're new to the game and thinking that they're going to come up with a better system. And what, what do you do to do that?
Um, a lot of ego, a lot of, um, you know, they're going to die anyway. So we just want to experiment and see what works and what doesn't.
Um, you know, there was a lot of, a lot of errors being made and unnecessarily causing a lot of that.
Um, and I don't, I can't explain it. You know, like I said, the liability for environment free for all these residents were being, you know, monitored by, you know, like.
These residents, these residents never mind these nurses who should have done known better because you've been at bedside for 15 years.
You should have done known better not to ventilate people who could talk. You should have done known better not to use the settings that they were using.
But they did it anyway.
Because the first year residents told us to do it. They were supervising the floors. They were going around turning knobs and stuff.
Wow, it's a, this is spectacular.
Any doctors who were already found and it just seems one of the most egregious behaviors was the lack of segregating the as yet to be confirmed cases of COVID. They were coming as newly admitted patients from those who had already been established as being
COVID positive. Although in reality is segregating them into different rooms or floors, probably, I don't know if it would have made much of a difference because they share the same ventilation system on this bugger of a virus once it gets into the HVAC system.
It's going to circulate throughout at least that entire floor. I suspect at Elmer's that the floors aren't even separated. So you got the entire air circling throughout the hospital. So the other virus going around.
So I don't know that it would have made much of a difference. Do you have any insights on that?
So that's impressive because that's essentially the best case scenario for a spreading RNA lipoprotein bubble to get.
The idea that you could cough it in your room and that there would be a sufficient concentration to go into the ventilation and all around the building and come to this uniform concentration of coronavirus that would basically be infectious for everyone.
Now that's a hell of a cartoon. That's a hell of a high fidelity cartoon of the biology of a molecule coated in lipoprotein that's clearly not a patterned integrity.
That's amazing. And that presumes that all this continuously being produced by the people who are infected so that it can fill the room and fill the vents and fill this thousands of cubic feet of hospital space.
Think about the extraordinary story he just told there. Because he also apparently believes that there are these things that can do that that can fill a building with RNA.
High fidelity copies of a single RNA molecule can be, you know, over the course of hours or even a few people come in a few days.
And that whole hospital can be full of high fidelity copies of the same RNA coded in a pretty similar lipoprotein code.
That's spectacular.
I know what a comment on the lack of segregation of the newly admitted patients.
Yeah, that I mean, to have it like a negative pressure room for each individual patient and a perfect problem. Yeah. But even at the same time, the PPE was just being worn all day long.
A lot of nurses weren't even changing it.
So how does a negative pressure help help anybody but the patient.
Doesn't the negative pressure room.
You're going to blow it outside or I don't know it's so weird because it looks good.
There was just no regulation on anything and all you needed was one person to not do it correctly and you're going to infect everybody.
But they were knowingly.
You only have to have one person do it incorrectly and you'll infect everybody.
Wow. Wow.
I mean, that's just brilliant. Wow. Wow.
Patients on the same board, the same rooms.
Yeah, and they were ventilating patients that they knew didn't have COVID.
But calling them COVID rule outs, you know, maybe this one negative test was not correct. So they had to do another.
Let's stop there because that's, that's an extraordinary claim that they would ventilate a patient that was not COVID.
This person that was being ventilated or they highly symptomatic where they're seriously ill.
No, the one guy that they would ventilate. Don't the nurses do it.
Or the doctors have to ventilate. Maybe the doctors have to vent people.
I don't know. Some doctor would have to clear that up with me. I guess I don't know the answer to that.
The doctors put these first year residents were putting them all on ventilators and these nurses didn't say anything because they were too cowardly led by this coward.
I don't know.
But the story doesn't really jive because of every one of the nurses that had experience knew that something wrong was happening.
And they were following the orders of first and second year residents.
And they didn't have the audacity to speak up to them or the residents just said, well, do it.
And they kept taking the money while they knew that these people were dying because they were being unnecessarily ventilated.
But somehow they weren't getting sick.
Wow, man. I mean, I don't, I don't see it any other way.
I talked about that whole his own tube out and have COVID. What they did is, you know, he, he was a patient admitted.
For a high blood glucose, which is easily runny, you know, but you know, they ended up giving him a lot of different psych drugs and which ultimately just kept that blood sugar going up and up.
And, you know, instead of treating that, they only did him.
They put him on our COVID ICU floor, which is unheard of.
And then, you know, he's anxious. They have him tied down to the bed in the restraints, which makes anybody even more anxious.
You can't have any family in there. There's a bunch of nurses telling you to be quiet.
You know, anyone's going to fight in that type of situation. You're terrified to be there in the first place. It's COVID.
Yeah, this is the number one hospital that, you know, people are dying at. And I was in there just trying to hold his hand and talk to him.
See, so there's no, there's no.
There's no attempt to describe this accurately.
It is the worst case scenario. This is COVID.
This is the hospital where everybody's dying. The worst case scenario in her mind happened.
And in the minds of everybody that listens to her, it happened.
Make no mistake about it. It is these people who killed my friend Nathan.
It is these people who killed every single person that died of the shot.
Who killed a lot of people that went to the hospital and didn't know to fight against remdesivir.
They didn't know to advocate against ventilators. These people are responsible for those murders.
Not only the ones that she did while she was in that hospital, but everywhere afterward as she sold her book and lied about a dangerous novel virus that was spreading around New York City that she saw firsthand.
They're all murderers.
I don't know how else to say it. I got to say it.
My friend Nathan would not be dead if it wasn't for these people and their worst case scenario narrative and their books and their stories.
I got a long list of these people and I'm done getting a little bit too much negativity in my guts.
I'm going to stop that video. There's like 20 more minutes of video.
I'm sure if you've had enough of Aaron, you can get yourself more of Aaron.
That's not what I wanted to do.
So here's where we are. We just watched that video. I'm not going to make any judgments on Joe.
So if he's done a lot for nutrition, he's done a lot for health freedom.
He didn't do a lot to push back the narrative there in August of 2020.
And he didn't push back much on the part of the narrative that I think he could have pushed back on.
He definitely could have pushed back on the idea that wait, so you're telling me that all the nurses around you agreed with you that this was an egregious violation of these people's rights that they should never have been ventilated that they were being killed.
And for four weeks, you guys rode on the bus and talked about this every night.
And for four weeks, you continued to go along with the inexperienced opinion of first year residents and didn't decide to either speak out or quit your job.
Joseph Mercola did not ask that question. And as far as I'm concerned, that's a ball drop.
Even in August of 2020, that's a ball drop.
And in retrospect, we can definitely see Aaron as being a medler.
There can be no doubt about the fact that Aaron had to have been a medler. She wasn't just there running into the birding building and doing what her gut told her to do. Otherwise, she would have reversed course when she found out it was a clown show.
And that's what I'm on about. See, that's why I'm really hyped about this idea of a dangerous novel virus that killed millions of people that millions of more were saved from the gain of function is real and might have been the source of it. Therefore, the virus will come again.
People like Aaron and people like McCairn and people like George Webb and people like Catrell and people like Z dog and they all did it.
They all were somehow or another queued up to protect this to lay it down and then protect it.
They were all queued up to do the train dance to make us all believe that they were part of a phenomenon identifying a phenomenon that was likely a worst case scenario.
Worst case scenario that they had a few extra deaths and they wanted to convince the world that this was the spread of a novel pathogen.
But the only way that exists is in these mass casualty events if you don't do the math to subtract all of the other malfeasance.
All of the other ventilation lack of antibiotics, poor use of steroids and use of remdesivir that people like Aaron are guilty of allowing to happen facilitating to happen even encouraging to happen Aaron did this.
And her book does this because it perpetuates this idea that there was a novel virus that everybody was vulnerable to that was spreading like mad through the hospitals that we were mixing up because we didn't have any testing at that time.
And that we were using novel therapeutics on but I couldn't do anything about it there were they were they were first year residents what can we do as nurses we just ride the bus home and and and complained about it to each other.
And so Aaron has protected the lab laboratory bat cave virus zoonosis and so has Joe McCola, wittingly or unwittingly they've gone along with this illusion of consensus that lockdowns are necessary because millions of people died of a virus.
They went along with the idea that there was a symptomatic transmission that it was running rampant through the hospitals that we didn't have enough testing.
And somehow or another it never seems to ask her well why didn't you stop.
Why did you keep going with this faith why did you keep ventilating people why didn't you fight more and advocate more for your patients.
He doesn't ask her that question he doesn't ask her that question.
Even though she kept admitting it over and over again only one patient lived only one of her patients lived one.
And so if you accept this faith in a novel virus you get on this train and you're gone.
You leave the station of reality and there's no coming back no coming back for your children you will be lost in this mythology forever where this novel virus was another novel virus was another novel virus and they come forever until you're dead.
Until your sovereignty is inverted until you're on digital currencies and carrying a digital ID and until all of your molecular genetic data and medical data belongs to them.
Because that's what this is about rolling out gene therapy rolling out transhuman manipulation of the human genome and rolling it out on the basis of this.
A lie.
A conflated background signal that was that was construed as evidence of spread and a story about a laboratory virus that was never real to begin with.
They could have used infectious clones to plant this they could have used infectious clones to fool the molecular biologists into believing that something was spreading when in reality it was just planted somewhere and then now look at that background.
Let's build a phylogeny.
Ladies and gentlemen they want everything it's for all the marbles all the marbles being your kids kids.
They want our grandkids.
First they need to mislead our children then they have their grandkids this is a multi generational fight to roll out genetic technology on the human race to roll out personalized medicine on the human race with coercion.
You need to save your family you need to save your kids now there's no time left.
Ladies and gentlemen stop all transfections and healthy humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group by any means necessary thank you very much for joining me and for muscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection healthy animals is criminally negligent and viruses are not pattern integrity thank you very much for joining me I'll see you again tomorrow.
Rest in peace name.
I really appreciate everybody being here tonight thanks very much and it's going to take a really long time to fully comprehend the loss of my friend but I do appreciate all the good wishes and well wishes
that I've gotten and and and yeah I'm not the only one who's suffered like this of course this is just my own little tiny thing.
His wife and kids are loose and what's real right.
The really amazing thing about Nathan is that every single person that knew him is feeling this pain of the loss of such an individually wonderful guy and beautiful friend.
And so he's going to be a source of and a reason for celebration in the years to come right after we win we're going to have a whole music festival it's named after him good night everybody.